## Installing amfphp for php-flash communication

### Warning : PHP Version

Before installing [amfphp][], make sure that your machine has at least
php version 4.0 installed.

### Step 1 : Download amfphp

Download a stable version of amfphp (slurm-flex-air uses amfphp
1.9)

> wget "http://sourceforge.net/projects/amfphp/files/amfphp/amfphp 1.9.zip"

### Step 2 : Installing

Unzip the file to your public html folder

> unzip "amfphp 1.9.zip" -d yourdirectory

[amfphp]: http://amfphp.sourceforge.net/
## Configuration of settings for FLURM application

The installation of the application can be done by running the AIR
file.

During the installation deselect the "run after installation" option
and copy the settings file into the installation directory of your air
application.

The next step is the configuration of your settings file.

### settings file ( settings.xml ) : 

* url_gateway: contains the local url to your amfphp installation on your server

	Example : ~vermeulp/amfphp/gateway.php

	url\_slurm\_functions : contains the filename of your slurm
	library file [Default = slurm.main]

  * Sidenote : the syntax for this is slightly different from the
basic URL syntax slurm.main is actually slurm/main.php, so in other
words instead of having slashes you use a '.' and you leave out the
file extension.

* clusters: Contains the different clusters on your system, this section is
divided into cluster elements

<pre>
	cluster
		---->	name	:	The name of the cluster in the application
		---->	url	:	The base url to your cluster  make
</pre>
		
Example URL : http://lonsdale.tchpc.tcd.ie/


* refreshtimes: Rate in miliseconds at which you want live data to be
  refreshed ( 30 000 is default ==> 30 second refresh interval )

## amfphp 

The installation of amfphp can be done by downloading the package from
their website and copying the contents of that folder into a public
html folder on your apache server. You would then define your php
files that you want visible to the outer world inside of the services
folder.

However, inside of the howest repository there is a folder called
amfphp\_full\_install containing the full amfphp that is at present
running under lonsdale's file system this folder also contains the
full services for both slurm\_web and slurm\_desktop ( slurm\_web has
its Jobs functionality stripped out ).

## compiled packages 

The compiled packages folder inside of the TCHPC repo contains
separate folders for both the web and desktop version of the
application.

## flurm_Web 

The web folder has a directly deployable application available, it is
however important that you copy the contents of the ENTIRE folder onto
your webserver. As usual the settings file is available, however don't
move it into any subdirectory as it is already in its correct place.

## flurm_Desktop

The desktop folder contains a compiled air package and a settings
file. The installation can be done by running the air file and
deselecting the "run after installation" checkbox afterwards copy the
settings.xml file into the root of the installation directory ( on
windows machines this is usually in the Program Files or Program
Files(x86) directory ).
